How do you know someone has an MBA from Harvard  They'll tell you.
@DSchumansays   Other person's argument basically:   She didn't go to Harvard Law, so why should she get to be on this case   
If you thought that having a lot of Harvard friends on Facebook would fill your news feed with photos of regattas, you would be correct.
Well now I'm glad I didnt go to Harvard even if I was too dumb to apply. Holocaust professor is cuckoo. http://bit.ly/kepsO2
Do college rankings matter as much as we may think    I'm sorry, you will need to go to Harvard to have that question answered.   hmmm.
I figured out how to become a billionaire. Go to Harvard and drop out (i.e.   Bill Gates, Mark Zuckerberg)
Saw a guy wearing a jester hat today, but ensted of bells hanging from his hat he had nuggets of pot. Harvard grads always a step ahead.
You wouldn't understand unless you went to Harvard. RT @kentrod: This isn't difficult. Cut spending. #tcot
Only PhDs and Harvard Ecomomists are smart enough to understand that stuff (KIDDING) @Poet Carl Watts
@NotCoachTito Did Prince Fielder go to Harvard or Yale  What an educated interview..
@jimcramer Good one, Jim. The Hill is run by elitists (Harvard vs. Yale). One year the Crimson wins, next Blue. They have sucked us 4 yrs
  Lowell was said to be the brightest student Harvard ever had. Then again, it's only Harvard.      Seth Shostak #SingularityU
The business incompetency rate is at an all time high. Thank you Harvard.
@proudamericans Not true...I have taught   illegal   students who have gone on to Harvard, Stanford, Wellsley...top schools! They're amazing!
Harvard was once a dream #confessions
When people start asking me what school I'm going to I'm gonna be like harvard just to see how they react lol
I can see morons trying show their wits with their rebuttals.You don't teach in Harvard like @Swamy39 You would even struggle to get there!
#1waytopissmeoff You take 1 class at a community college and act like you going to Harvard University
i need to go to Harvard to take a course to work with the iphone
A degree is a degree no matter were u get it from unless it's harvard or princeton
Some say he neither can write nor read.......... so he was awarded an honorary Doctorate from Harvard.... http://bit.ly/c5FMoN #StigFacts
Wow this teacher actin like were in harvard its miami dade bitchhhh fml!
