Can't believe I'm going to pay  180 for a car key #Chrysler sucks
Man Chrysler pissin me off for real
@terrycrews put down 14k 4new van. Its givin us trouble for 2yrs. They say theyl buy back but we need 2finance another car1st @Chrysler
@Chrysler did that. Also tried pushing the panic again and turned the car on and out it in drive, still nothing.
@RevRichardColes It's Jesus I feel sorry for, in his joyous quest for Sunbeams. All he will find here are rusty Chrysler ones.
Will.neva buy a chrysler again
  @gwelchel: I would never buy a car at Edmond Hyundai or Norman Chrysler Jeep and Dodge, as punishment for annoying commercials. //AGREE!!!!
Why the fuck is there a purple chrysler 300 infringement of my house
I think that the designers at chrysler stuck a pencil inside their dicks and drew with it when designing the crossfire.
This brand new 2013 Chrysler 200 is no caliber.... It's like driving with a hole in my heart
Chrysler it's such a complicated vehicle
People live in rat, roaches infested disgustedly run down apartment complexes but drive brand new chrysler 300 with rims.
Mind you. It's an 05 Chrysler sebring. It's not even something fancy. No system. No Rims. Just a regular ass car.
theres no way a chrysler 300 would catch a mustang gt. i'm sorry this movie is fake
A chrysler sebring has to be the sleeziest car
@MissMopar7172 it not that many but way more than the 5.3 or 5.4 I did replace 2 PCM's in Chrysler products today and failed a 2006 t c with
Spain finally owning up to how bad things are at the banks. Watch  STD and  BBVA for clues.
BBVA:probably the slowest bank in the world
BBVA kiss my balls!!!!!!!! @camirub
Awesome, BBVA froze my account for security reasons and NEVER contacted me.
Show me the money. #Bankia #NovaGaligia #CaixaCatalunya #BancodeValencia #BancoSantander #BancaCivica #BBVA #THIEVES
Sometimes Lady Gaga looks fucking perfection then other times it's like, lol, do you really think you look good 
It feels like last yesterday when lady gaga's music was good #Howtimeflys
@NicoMonsterRawr that I dislike lady gaga. I dont. I just dont think her music is pop and by saying she ruined it is because its not pop.
Hate to break it to you kids but Lady Gaga did not save pop music, nobody can. Now shut up
Our Justin is definition of perfection and lady gaga saved pop music is trending then I saw that national joke day was trending makes sense
I think they should make whole new branch of Twitter for JB and 1D and Lady Gaga fans only. They so annoying
No offense, but I prefer the old lady gaga!!! like the one back in 2008 :( I find her really weird now...
   @dcostdj: thank god Lady Gaga hasn't come out with a new song in a while.. the radio is sucha better place without her  
Lady Gaga, Tyga, The Weeknd   fuck your music
I liked lady gaga before she started worshiping the devil ....
When i heard somebody listening to lady gaga i was break whatever the music's coming out of. Fuck her music
I'm not sure how people are saying that Lady Gaga is the most amazing original ( @YouTube http://youtu.be/JGq3GbCo5MM a )
I don't care how many skull or fire stickers you put on your car, your Toyota corolla will never look badass #acceptitnow
The Toyota dealership in Yuma is a rip off.
Maybe   One Million Moms   should go after @Toyota for sponsoring a @ChrisBrown concert. You know, someone who actually hurts people.
Rides robbers steal everyday     Toyota   honda
Anyone who has left over hail damage: DO NOT take your car to Toyota of Knoxville @ToyotaKnox svc   it has been a nightmare! Seriously!
Lol! #tru   @roywoodjr Dear Toyota....I seriously doubt there will ever be a reason for me to drive (cont) http://tl.gd/ho96v6 
Hey Toyota, built in Bing searching is the opposite of a selling point
What the hell, Toyota of Dallas  You are supposed to have a hot lady in your commercials selling cars, not a little kid! #forshame
Fuck the owner of the toyota that hit my brand new bimmer when they opened they door. #pissed
Karachi is burning  a toyota just tried 2hit my car twice on the main isloo artery  what media ethics we are talking about  Hamid Mir #Media
@SNL24 I was waiting for you to explain the was......I can't stand Toyota so I understand him not following when he switched manufactures
