League Cup gets new sponsorship: The League Cup will be known as the Capital One Cup from next season as the Foo... http://bbc.in/Lb6lj5 
Capital One Cup will always be the carling cup to me!
The Carling Cup will be called the 'Capital One Cup' from next season after agreeing a 4 year deal with UK credit card company Capital One
@TransferNewsCen that's awful name! Hey I just won't the capital one cup #really    
The League Cup has new sponsors. It will no longer be called The Carling Cup, it is now called the Capital One Cup.
Capital One have replaced Carling as league Cup sponsors. Competition now renamed The Capital One Cup. Dear, oh dear.
Capital One cup doesn't sound as good as carling cup :(
Capital One have replaced Carling as league Cup sponsors. Competition now renamed The Capital One Cup. Dear, oh dear. #AFC #mufc #thfc #cfc
The   Carling Cup   is being called the   Capital One Cup   next year
From the Carling Cup to the Capital One Cup.. Meh sounds a bit tacky and outdated being called that
Carling cup is now the capital one cup #OhDear. Bring back The rumblelows cup
League Cup next season will be called Capital One Cup. Nice...
The Capital One Cup sounds so shite #bringbackcarling
League Cup is now the Capital One Cup  Does it really matter  Worthington Cup, Carling Cup, etc etc. Sponsorships come and go.
So the Carling cup is now being renamed the Capital One Cup  hmmmmm
The League Cup, formerly the Carling Cup, is now to be 'The Capital One Cup' under new sponsorship deal.
Carling Cup will now be called 'Capital One Cup'
Carling Cup to be titled as the Capital One Cup next season onwards. http://fb.me/1q9P2QLY3 
@NikkiDcfc there already is a capital one cup...for college sports...boooo to that
English League Cup rebranded: The English League Cup is to be named after financial services company Capital One... http://bit.ly/LQFCel 
All change: The Carling Cup becomes the Capital One Cup and Paul Lambert becomes Neil Lennon...
  @callamnicholas: Carling cup now called capital one cup, what a shit name  it's a shit competition anyway
League Cup will be known as Capital One Cup from the new season http://m.guardian.co.uk/football/2012/jun/01/league cup capital one cup cat football type article  
So the Carling cup is now the Capital One Cup... That sounds bent!
The Carling Cup will from next season be known as the Capital One Cup after a new sponsorship deal was announced today.
So as Capital One are the new sponsors of the League Cup does this mean interest in the competition will rise to about 16.1  
The Carling Cup, will next season be called The Capital One Cup, what the fuck
Capital one cup wtfffffff
The Carling Cup  League Cup  is renamed as the Capital One Cup starting from next season.
Capital one cup...to be fair nahhhh should be called #2girls1cup
Capital One Cup, hahahaha. More incentive to play the kids, isn't it  #LeagueCup
The league cup is gonna be known as the capital one cup  Shittest name
Capital One cup  I'll stick with what I know thanks #leaguecup
Carling Cup now Capital One Cup http://j.mp/JWzXAk 
The Carling Cup will be known as the Capital One Cup from the start of the new season. Not quite got the same ring to it has it 
The League Cup  Carling Cup  will now be known as the Capital One Cup from the start of the new season.
@John patten shite how its been renamed the capital one cup though. Makes it sound even more worthless
@improvesoccer Bizarrely, as I read that tweet there was a commercial for the Capital One Cup on TV. Over here it's for best sports college
Just read that the league cup is going to be renamed as the capital one cup lmao
Not gonna be the same calling it the 'Capital One Cup' instead of the 'Carling Cup' pfffft
We've announced Capital One as the new League Cup sponsor. Can you name all 8 players from the launch photo  http://twitpic.com/9rmblm 
The Carling Cup is being called the 'Capital One Cup' from next season  Oh wow...
cc @MCFC The League Cup will be known as the Capital One Cup from the start of the new season under a four year ... http://m.tmi.me/qWdHB 
RR: the capital one cup ! No
Capital One, new sponsor of English League Cup http://dlvr.it/1gMvwp 
The Carling Cup is changing its name for 'Capital One Cup'. ( @SGerrardSpain)
  Welcome, to the final of the Capital One Cup     It's just not the same
Just found out that the 'Carling Cup' has been renamed as the 'Capital One Cup'... doesn't feel the same... #ohwell
@SkySports The Capital One cup  that sounds classy.. it almost makes me not want to win it #winnersget0 onallbalancetransfers
@GazDaddyMaiden. Its still a shit cup lmaoo especially now wats it called the capital one cup wooow that sounds so shit doesnt it lol
The Carling Cup has been re named 'The Capital One Cup'... what a shit name!
Never going to call it the 'Capital One Cup' its just League cup now!!
Carling Cup now called Capital One Cup ...
As if the Carling cup has become the Capital One cup haa
  Football back tomorrow   the League Cup, it's now called Capital One Cup,leaving Leeds (brick wall) Barnsley next stop pic.twitter.com/ulJFli5q
@AidenW93 thought so.. I got confused with this capital one cup... different name same shit !
Footy season is back..capital one cup or the carling cup as will be always known by #boro fans starts today..away to bury..let's do it #utb
Ok the English League Cup is now called the Capital One Cup,no longer Carling Cup..Knew when it was Worthington cup
Carling Cup now called the Capital One Cup....sounds even shitter now #leagueCupIsFine
@Laura Upton capital one cup, used to be carling cup,league cup, fairs cup , intercity cup. #whatwillitbenextyear
No fond memories of the Carling Cup for gooners lol...maybe a better relationship will be formed with the Capital One Cup
Will be hard to get used to the   Capital One Cup   #carlingcup #leaguecup
@ayushkshah4 I still can't believe its called the 'capital one cup' sounds more like one of those kpmg tournaments you claimed to do well in
The Carling Cup is now the Capital One Cup. I d missed that change and I m guessing   unless you work for Capital One Finance   so did you.
Just came to know that the league cup (Carling cup since 2003) is now going to be called as the   Capital One Cup  . #FuckinCreditCards
Formerly Carling cup.carling were jus sponsors.now its Capital one dats sponsorin it RT @daveelcris: which one be Capital Cup again 
   @AVFCOfficial: Villa face Manchester City away in the third round of the Capital One Cup   Never liked the new name anyway... #ByeByeVillsy
Arsenal to play Coventry City in 3rd round of Capital One Cup. Formerly Carling Cup. #afc
Oh. The Capital One Cup is the Carling Cup  O o
Carling Cup is now called Capital One Cup !
@lmorgan21 @ElForkedRoad no not too bad there are defo some harder groups! Capital One Cup sounds weird, got a ring to it though #COYO
@GoonerJess can't get used to the name capital one cup , carling cup sounds sooo much better lol
Why don't they just call the League Cup the League Cup, 'Capital One Cup' sounds stupid, not that it matters anyway #ReserveCompetition
@DenisSuarez36 It's not Carling Cup but Capital One Cup now, Denis!  )
Capital one cup just isn't the same as carling cup
The League Cup  Carling Cup  will now be known as the Capital One Cup from the start of the new season.
