The Carling Cup is now called The Capital One Cup. From now on, the clubs will be fighting for the COC  Not the best name change.
The Capital One Cup (COC) reminds of here in Philly when the new hockey arena was called the First Union Center (FUC) I shit you not
Carling cup is now known as the capital one cup so Liverpool are now holders of the COC ha
Oh, Football League, you  did  know that the fans would immediately find a shorter way of saying   Capital One Cup  , didn't you ... oh.
So the League Cup is now to be called the Capital One Cup  So Liverpool are the current COC holders...
The League Cup is now the   Capital One Cup  , or COC, which is appropriate as no one is interested until it's a semi.
The Carling Cup becomes the Capital One Cup. No doubt the COC as it will be known is going to get harder after the semi.
Carling cup is now called the capital one cup. That means Liverpool currently hold the COC cup. Lol
Since the League Cup is now Capital One Cup. Liverpool are the winners of COC.
So the carling cup is now the Capital One Cup. So Liverpool   current COC holders!
@Liverfool FC So the Carling Cup has been renamed the Capital One Cup.. Does that mean that Liverpool are the current COC holders..
Seems as the league cup is now sponsored by capital one do's that make liverpoo the COC holders   Lol
I think Brighton will be the ones to watch in the Capital One Cup this year. They will be desperate to get their hands on the COC
Just realised the Capital One Cup's shortened name is the COC cup. Lol #ImmatureBanter
@i Deb Capital One Cup game  So basically, it's a COC game  Oh my! :)
With the Carling Cup now called the Capital One Cup, that now means Liverpool are the COC holders. Hehehehe....
So the League Cup is now to be called the Capital One Cup  So Liverpool are the current COC holders...
RT @eddington2: So the League Cup is now to be called the Capital One Cup  So Liverpool are the current COC holders...
RT @eddington2 So the League Cup is now to be called the Capital One Cup  So Liverpool are the current COC holders...
