  I've met Justin Bieber 10 times.   Me too, the only problem was that I woke up at the end.
Me:   I want to meet Justin Bieber.   Security:   No.   Life:   No.   Parents:   No.   Luck:   No.   Dreams:   Aw okay. Do you wanna marry him too   
So remember, this is BIEBER's world. You're just living in it. Bieber or Die   Justin Bieber
RIP Justin Bieber  Oh hell no. He's your problem, not ours.
  Are you a Justin Bieber fan    ''No.     I thought you were...   ''I'm not a Justin Bieber fan, I'm a BELIEBER. Learn it, Live it, Love it.''
What's the point of saying   Justin Bieber is sexy   when the words   Justin Bieber   and   sexy   mean the same thing.
Obama's kids got to meet Justin Bieber, the Jonas Brothers, and got 4th row to a One Direction concert.  yells at dad for not being Obama 
Me:   Santa isn't real   Little sister:   Well neither is your relationship with Justin Bieber   ...I think we all know who cried more.  
  my fans earn't obsessed there dedicated   Justin Bieber
  i love you     prove me than     how      give me everything u have of Justin Bieber     bye. i don't love you that much.   THIS.
I can't wait to get my nosebleed seats to see Justin Bieber. Holler.
#SorryICantDateYou if you don't respect Justin Bieber.
#SorryICantDateYou, you're not Justin Bieber.
i love justin bieber he is so cute and he is my man i wish he would talk to me
@justinbieber Good luck tomorrow on your show justin bieber adriele of Brazil
I'm here to support Demi Lovato, Selena Gomez, Jonas Brothers, Miley Cyrus, Justin Bieber and Taylor Swift.  3
#ICantGoOneDayWithout Justin Bieber. Impossible
I can honestly say that i'd fuck Justin Bieber on our first date, or before the date, maybe even before i tell him my name..
boy:   hey babe, im    me:   not justin bieber   boy:   huh    me:   bye.  
:D RT @Codyzam: Anda benar (   )/ RT @meegameega: teett. justin bieber overboard :D RT @Codyzam: I'm Overboard and I need your love
Every night I go to sleep hoping I will wake up as Justin Bieber... #ANiggaCanDream
Definitely feel like I'm the only girl who doesn't really like Justin Bieber
  @Riancosta: #ICantGoOneDayWithout hearing the word    Justin Bieber    RT if u too http://twitpic.com/9rh7tw   @michaela 2311 all YOUU!!
RT @ChaskaBorek @JustinBier When a husband brings his wife flowers for no reason, there s a reason... Ps. Love Justin Bieber
#ICantGoOneDayWithout listening to One Direction and Justin Bieber:)
The cops tried to question me and I swear to god I was about to say   I don't know man, I just love Justin Bieber.    s
I don't think Justin bieber will ever notice me.. I've been trying for over two years ..
Aannd now I'm giggling at my tease for Justin Bieber. #AMNewsers #ItsTheLittleThingsInLife
RT @serenajemima: I need a Justin Bieber in my life.   !!
I still watch Justin Bieber videos before he gets famous.and I stil cry.
I love you justin bieber i wish i was your girl and good song named boyfriend
The day I go to a justin bieber concert with jai brooks   niall horan is the day my life will be complete.
Justin Bieber Rulez, Granby Charter Revision Public Hearing, Cub Scout Cookout   http://Patch.com  http://bit.ly/justin bieber official  
Hahaha @justinbieber is so adorable. Justin Bieber's Double Dream Hands! http://www.youtube.com/watch v swhpCFM7ftk sns tw  
Justin Bieber is an angel, he's the most amazing idol anyone could ever ask for.
Some would say the amount of Justin Bieber songs I have on my Ipod is embarrassing..
Sorry, did you just mention the name Justin Bieber  Therefore, I am now officially involved in your conversation whether you like it or not.
Justin bieber dedicated the song boyfriend to me!! :D
I love charlotte, george and justin bieber so much  ) sorry anya had to do it much love char :) xxxx
This morning I wrote   I LOVE JUSTIN BIEBER   on my forehead with a knife and now it won't wash off :(
@justinbieber will see all my tweets and RT or follow me one day. I don't think he even saw one but NEVERSAYNEVER BY JUSTIN BIEBER
he does the dougie on the stage and is too sexy for his age. he gives us fever and makes us itch, its justin bieber, take that bitch.
I don't ask for more. I only want Justin Bieber. Is it that much  xD
Justin Bieber must feel like his life is in a constant state of zombie invasion. http://www.youtube.com/watch v 35HJe iyNGU feature player embedded#  !
Paparazzi:   One time, Justin Bieber punched me in the face .... IT WAS AWESOME!  
Only Justin Bieber can say the word   SWAGGIE   sexyy!
Danielle wants to dance for Justin Bieber #DanielleFact
Who is Justin Bieber  In math: My solution. In history: My king. In chemistry: My reaction. In art: My heart. In me: My inspiration.  
Blackberry or iPhone  i choose Justin Bieber...
  My future boyfriend can not hate Justin bieber.   Of course a person can't hate themselves
Blackberry or iPhone  BULLSHIT, WHY IS JUSTIN BIEBER NOT AN OPTION  :/
cried when I heard Justin Bieber knocked himself out omfg lol
  Belieber: If Justin Bieber tweeted me, I'd start crying in class. Justin: Don't cry. Just run around in circles   LMFAO. THIS BOY.
If Justin Bieber was a school subject, my parents would be so proud of me.
Me: I AM DATING JUSTIN BIEBER Justin: http://26.media.tumblr.com/tumblr lymb0bfhjD1qglx18o2 500.gif   Me: sorry babe I thought we were telling people...
Blackberry or iPhone  Justin Bieber, ofcourse.
I don't care what people think.. justin bieber is gorgeous : ) #Boyfriend
Blackberry or iPhone  Justin Bieber, i choose you!!!!!!!
Omg omg omg i have a Justin bieber phone yee 33
  Justin Bieber is like a computer. He ENTERS your life, PASTES a smile, DOWNLOADS fun, DELETES your worries and SAVES you.  U MAD HATERS  lol
Justin Bieber.. that's #WhatKeepsMeGoing
i love you justin bieber lol pic.twitter.com/bdgXIQrd
need to do something that makes me feel not depressed  watchs justin bieber interviews 
oneday i am going to go on @justinbiebers wall and it will say   justin bieber follows you   #icantwait #itwillhappen #believe #followmejustin
one dayyy, i am going to go on @justinbiebers wall and it will say   justin bieber follows you   #itwillhappen #believe #followmejustin!  333
#1DQuotes   Justin Bieber said hello to me and it was pretty weird because he's such a big popstar around the world!    Niall Horan  3
@justinbieber Hi Justin bieber am manisha I really love you and I havnt see you.
@justinbieber tomorrow i see JUstin BIeber in VErona and my dream come true. Never say never baby  3
Fans call him   Justin Bieber   like a celebrity. Beliebers call him   Justin   like he's a friend.
Watching Never Say Never and covered in goosebumps. I love Justin Bieber and I always will. #kidrauhlforever @justinbieber  3
  Justin Bieber doesn't even know you exist.   7 words that kill me inside.
my big Sister moved out months ago and my little sister got her old room. she's just now decorating it..there's Justin bieber everywhere!!
Writing   Justin Bieber   or   JB   on your hand when you feel bored at school #itsabelieberthing.
  @AlwaysBiebsx: When someone says   Justin Bieber   you turn around like it's your own name. #itsabelieberthing  
Omg. Rachel just threatened Paul with a knife until he played Justin Bieber.
I don't say   Justin Bieber   anymore. I say   Justin   because everyone already knows who I'm talking about. #itsabelieberthing
Sometimes i miss the old Justin Bieber .. with the hair flips, hoodies .. purple supras .. dancing to   One Time   ...
Okay so it's my birthday exactly 2 weeks today and I want a Justin Bieber birthday cake :D
Everybody's always going on about Justin bieber, and his always trending in one way.. Yet he has no clue of your exsistence #soshutup
Well Twitter banned Justin Bieber from trending so now the fans has found an alterego in Justine Bieber
Justin bieber looks like such a fag in his   boyfriend   music video... Ha its knda embarrassing to say im one of his fans..
My boyfriend trips to muchhhhh , it's just Justin Bieber !!
90  of my blog right now is Liam Payne and Justin Bieber x)
Sucha good day today, justin bieber tickets, a job at smitties. #bestdayever
#boyfriend The way I put my makeup when I'm listening to boyfriend #omg #lmao #love #justin #bieber http://justinbiebercd.co.cc/ o3H0uQ 
i never cant forget Justin Bieber Uh.. i   him sooooooooo much but he dont know!
.., Me: Justin, can you be my Valentine  Justin:..... Me: Don't be shy. Mom: STOP TALKING TO YOUR JUSTIN BIEBER POSTERS! @justinbieber .
Just got my sister Floor tickets for justin bieber. she's screaming and doing cartwheels
Justin Bieber is my wallpaper everytime I get a new phone I love you Justin #foreverabelieber
@BeckyGibbs wow justin bieber replied to you am glad, Now please stop taking over my newsfeed its boring me seeing your name every 2 seconds
   @catiesofly: @sirmantha  @justinbieber awww hahaha omg Justin Bieber. Answer this girl for God's sake.   well thank you, catie.  3
My next boyfriend, will be cute and talented, and will sing me all these justin bieber songs, so i can cry .
That moment when your Justin Bieber posters are staring at you while you're getting naked.
Blackberry or iPhone  i choose Justin Bieber...
