@Obsequiosity @slanderpanic what I can't figure out is why my Mazda needs a commercial grade kitchen and 2 full baths.
Mazda is basically the retarded brother to the Mercedes hahaha
That awkward moment when your parking space turns into a Mazda Miata http://goo.gl/TWAlG 
My super power is pulling into your driveway in my '98 Mazda Protege and making your property value go down.
ANTHONY DAVIS's EYEBROW is sponsored by MAZDA. #Hoopin
Hire me to name your new car models! EX: Dodge Boogen, Toyota Travolta, Buick Underverse, Chevy Wellness Clinic, Ford Gotcha!, Mazda Z'dar
Anthony Davis gets his first car endorsement  The Mazda Brow 2013: http://bit.ly/S5TbrT  (pic)
My Mazda is in the shop for an oil change and to get its Zoom Zoom back. Right now it's more like Putter Putter.
Hey guys. A good way of letting all the girls know you have a small hammer is driving around in a Mazda Miata.
   @BizNasty2point0: Hey guys. A good way of letting all the girls know you have a small hammer is driving around in a Mazda Miata.  
Theme tune from knockhill today was ' what's that coming over the hill, is it a Mazda , is it a Mazda '
Mazda cars should be called MADza because all their cars looks angry.
lmao yeah... your staring me down while I'm in an infiniti and you're in a mazda.. #whitepeopleproblems
  I'm in a dark gray Mazda.     Me   Is that a type of car.     Natalie   No its a fuckin spaceship.     @brandeewiebe
RT @sweet toof Mazda s marketing slogan is  We Build Mazdas.  decided on it after rejecting others: Mazdas Are Cars   Buy Mazdas With Money 
Some girl in a black Mazda with a   Semper Fi   sticker just about ran me off the road. Its all good though, I gave her the Avada Kadavara.
I wonder if this guy in the Mazda Miata is regretting his purchase. It probably seemed like a cool idea till he stopped getting dates.
RT    @BizNasty2point0: Hey guys. A good way of letting all the girls know you have a small hammer is driving around in a Mazda Miata.  
Just saw a black guy with a cowboy hat in a Volkswagen Golf. Your move, Loch Ness Monster
Local Man Just Drove A Volkswagen Golf INto The police Station, Won't Stop Yelling   volk SWAG in   As They Taze Him
RT if you get scared when you see a white Volkswagen Bug in public.
#ToMyFutureWife I promise to never, ever hit you, unless we're in the car and I see a Volkswagen....
@Clapperdudgeon   Conflating   is to skeeters what farfegnugen is to a 1990 Volkswagen Jetta.   .. A statement likely only on Twitter! LOL :)
@MHuggins99 Somebody tell Greece! Maybe if they   like   3M, Deutsche Bank, and Volkswagen, they can stay in the EU 
I wish I drove a Volkswagen bug. It would be cool to know that every time I drove by a school bus, some kid was getting punched.
Met a guy today that had a Volkswagen tattoo, pierced nipples, and drove a Jetta. And yes, he was gay. #surprisesurprise
I am now 100  German. I am more German than Volkswagen and Bailing Out Reluctantly.
He got out the maybach wearing some volkswagen clothes
That film Ted looks scary, a teddy bear who can talk, that's just as scary as Volkswagen with a mind of its own!
  @jeromiewebster: Do you think anybody who drives a Volkswagen Beatle would vote Republican     hahaha this.
I'm fucking up the lyrics to   No Diggity   in my Volkswagen in case you wondered how white I am.
Q: What do you call three blondes in a Volkswagen  A: FARFROMTHINKEN
ROTFL!!   @sharkboiy: That painful moment when you play thr punch buggy game as you drive by a volkswagen dealership  .  #Bruised 
ME: what drives you han  @RichyRiich: Erm, my volkswagen polo ! #failedthatinterview!!
@therealmacgyver I know the double meaning of the ve joke. But I own a Volkswagen......
Is it automatic or manual  Lol RT @  Ezinne: And she said this girl has a Volkswagen nose. Chai     
Am I immature if I laugh at work at our abbreviation for Volkswagen: VAG 
I want to get a yellow Volkswagen, just so I can drive by and see people punch each other.
@OfficeofSteve Hahahaha. Funniest quote of the day. I'm guessing double Volkswagen.
haha is there such thing as gay Transformers  I'll bet they morph into Volkswagen Beetles. or Mini Coopers
Lady Gaga s favorite sport is wine tasting and rugby.
How do you wake up Lady Gaga  You set an alarm for a reasonable hour.
If aliens land and want to speak to our leader, I think our best chance of survival is taking them to Lady Gaga.
#LilWayneWasDeniedBecuz he wore them tight ass Lady Gaga zebra tights when they strictly said   No Zebra Tights!  
Retweet if Lady Gaga hates you cause she won't follow/tweet you.
Breaking news: Lady GaGa never followed me.
Lady gaga looks like a washed out, Vicodin junkie in that Marilyn Monroe wannabe shot Buy Vicodin Online   http://adf.ly/3A1Ql 
'Oh look, Marilyn's just tweeted a picture for her birthday' 'Does She have twitter ' 'Yeah, she just quotes herself' 'Looks like Lady Gaga'
@wwwbigbaldhead You were in my dream last night....but there weren't any zombies....or Lady Gaga......weird!!
#YouLostFollowers because you're a lady GaGa fan.... #Sorry. I dint support someone if I'm.not sure of their gender
Rihanna: Red hair, Katy Perry: blue, Lady Gaga: green, Nicki Minaj: Pink....WOW!!! d power rangers a
Had a dream where I had a time machine and was hanging out with Sir Isaac Newton, Lady Gaga, Tim and Eric and more. Got weird. Sorry Newton.
Lady Gaga has been arrested for killing a humming bird after she got stressed several times thinking her tea was ready.
Ciara   Like A Boy  , Beyonce   If I Were A Boy  , Rihanna   Rude Boy  . What's next  Lady GaGa   I am a boy  .
@benthomas87 my grandad moon walks to lady gaga!! He should come ibiza #showyouhowtoodance
  i noticed on tv show's they can't say the actual thing they say things like,F mobile(tmobile),Madame GooGoo(lady gaga) or flitter(twitter)
Nicki Minaj: pink hair.. Katy Perry: blue hair.. Rihanna: red hair   Lady Gaga: green hair..The Power Rangers have officially returned
This banners are at the Nat. Museum Of Warsaw with the phrase: 'The elevated from the pharaohs to Lady GaGa' #GagaBRFan pic.twitter.com/bEY1eHQW
http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr m4yfbzSExk1rxy50xo1 500.jpg   The Queen dancing to Lady Gaga. #Jubilee
its time for me to become more famous.. brb im gonna go call Lady Gaga's parents . and interscope records.
Rihanna has red hair, Lady Gaga has yellow hair, Katy Perry has blue hair,   Nicki Minaj has pink hair. The Power Rangers has been reunited.
I figured out what my dad does when he comes home late! Lady gaga look alike  http://instagr.am/p/LWaOQKqyRz/ 
Lady Gaga and Nicki Minaj will collaborate on a album with the Title   All You Basics Can Deal With This Shit  
Lady gaga gts love in my hood lol
'Lady Gaga Saved Pop Music' and 'Happy National Joke Day' are trending simultaneously.. Coincidence  I think not.
@nmcgivney I thought the audience were the stars of the first half. Got the feeling he wussed out of the Lady Gaga joke entirely 
Lady Gaga saved Pop music...and invented WTF Music LOL
  Lady Gaga Saved Pop Music   Like a genre of music can some how die :L 
Lady Gaga saved pop music and happy national joke day are both trending......
  Lady Gaga Saved Pop Music   and   Happy National Joke Day   are both trending.. coincidence 
Lady Gaga saved pop music  Happy national joke day, everyone!
''Lady Gaga Saved Pop Music'' LOL, Happy National Joke day!!
Never knew Lady Gaga was in Men In Black 3. She played an alien. LOL
Nicki Minaj: Pink Hair, Katy Perry: Blue Hair, Rihanna: Red Hair   Lady Gaga: Green Hair. Guess who's back, the Power Rangers.
Lady GaGa Saved Pop Music  Happy National Joke Day :')
  Lady Gaga Saved Pop Music   JJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJJAAJJAJAJAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJAJ pic.twitter.com/Im7r2h3T
#YouKnowGodIsPunishingYou when lady Gaga is madly inlove with you
  You and me could write a bad romance!   Sorry Lady Gaga, looks like Stephenie Meyer beat you to it....
Reassuring to know that right now, in a parallel Universe, I'm a Jewish tangerine eating napkins off of Lady Gaga's foyer.
@dannews Have you heard anything more about Lady Gaga  Where is she   or is she disguised as a lamb chop 
 Meeting Lady Gaga  Gaga: Hi! Monster Me: ... Gaga: ... Me: ... Gaga: ... Me: ... Gaga: ... Police: So, she just die  Gaga: Basically!
Amen.. RT @bengaldridge: I like little big town, but I'm still trying to figure out how on earth does lady gaga relate to Elvis 
Rihanna: Red hair, Katy Perry: blue, Lady Gaga: green, Nicki Minaj: Pink....WOW!!! d power rangers a
@notsolittlekhan haha doubt that she isn't lady gaga. Who has breast milk ice cream  sick      x
I just watched 'Man In Black3' It's interesting :) Watching the movie, i found Lady Gaga but couldn't found Justin Biber:(
so lady gaga is one of top listed aliens #mib3
Lady Gaga so we can JUST DANCE and have a BAD ROMANCE and lots of LOVE GAMES together #10peopleiwannameet
  @TheXDExperience: Lady Gaga sings....i just wish she'd dumb all this wizardry and nonsense.     LMAO
Lady Gaga wrote Black Jesus about Beyonce.
Mom: Wake up! Me:  Sleeping.  Mom: WAKE UP! Me:  Still sleeping.  Mom: LADY GAGA!!! Me: WHERE ! !  Falls out the bed. 
Breaking News: Lady Gaga puts glue on herself and rolls around on random things. :  /
Mum: GET UP! Me: ... Mum: NOW!! Me: No.. Mum: Lady Gaga's on TV Me: BITCH WHAT    falls out of bed  Mum: lol jk thanks for getting up.
  Space Renegade: Lady Gaga. Has escaped. Alien fugitive objective: Birth a new race. Operation: KILL THE BITCH  
  Why do you love Lady Gaga    Me: I wrote the reasons here: pic.twitter.com/XHhlbCgW
Blast   Judas   by Lady Gaga in the parking lot #ThingsYouDontDoAfterChurch
just watched the new MV of #bigbang. My only comment is GD looks like Lady Gaga.. Haha
why all of lady gagA's childhood photo's are in black and white  my dad was born in 1960 and his baby pic isn't black and white...
I love Lady Gaga and Rihanna. Even if they're illuminati believers o.O
#10PeopleIveSeenLive Lady Gaga. Yes I've watched all of her Asian BTWBalls LIVE on my LAPTOP. What a great huh
@Realtaeyang Can you explain what kind of monsters are your video.I think GD in lady gaga demon,you are a minotaur, and Top is a evilcowboy
How do you wake up Lady Gaga  You set an alarm for a reasonable hour.
Ciara   Like a Boy  , Beyonce   If I Were a Boy  , Rihanna   Rude Boy  . What's next  Lady GaGa   I am a Boy  .
Rihanna has red hair, Lady Gaga has yellow hair, Katy Perry has blue hair,   Nicki Minaj has pink hair. The Power Rangers has been reunited.
Rihanna has red hair, Lady Gaga has yellow hair, Katy Perry has blue hair,   Nicki Minaj has pink hair. The Power Rangers has been reunited.
Rihanna has red hair, Lady Gaga has yellow hair, Katy Perry has blue hair,   Nicki Minaj has pink hair. The Power Rangers has been reunited.
Rihanna has red hair, Lady Gaga has yellow hair, Katy Perry has blue hair,   Nicki Minaj has pink hair. The Power Rangers has been reunited.
Reassuring to know that right now, in a parallel Universe, I'm a Jewish tangerine eating napkins off of Lady Gaga's foyer.
Blast   Judas   by Lady Gaga in the parking lot #ThingsYouDontDoAfterChurch
