people, people, people. just because u send 60K on a Lexus don't mean u own the road. driving is a privillege not a right.
still no respect for the ex's....i just roll by in lexus to show how im doin
I see nothing but Mercedes, Lexus, Acura, Audi, and Jaguars here.. and there's me. a Toyota Camry        
So my uncle brian had a lexus with the camera in the back, and it parks itself. WTF!!
 @GoModelJessica When God says be still then dont you move  hallelujah shund'a eehhhh ahchoo coming n a honda leaving n a Lexus!!!
All the doctors at my doctors office drive a Benz, Lexus, or BMW
They heard about the rolex's   the lexus with the texas license plates outta state
I want it all from the rolexes to the Lexus getting paid was all expected
#SignsYourPastorIsAThug He has hell of mink coats, He has a Lexus sitting on 26s, and his 1st lady has 7 kids. (and they not married)
  @RiFFRaFF SODMG   @TheRealADot: @RiFFRaFF SODMG you just rolex  Does that even make sense  ... I WEAR A ROLEX   ROLL AROUND iN A LEXUS 
It was also the most ghetto detail shop I've ever seen but judging by the BMWs, Lexus's and benz's out front I'd say it'll be all good.
About to drive a  40,000 Lexus. Yessssss
Out Glendale Mall   On My Way To Beverly Hills :  ! Dads Letting Me Drive The Lexus  D!
Just saw a janitor driving a Lexus, his whip game is too official fam
I just parked by a Lexus... At the thrift store. Yeaaah
Parked my car at Safeway next to a Lexus, Benz, and BMW, #wheninsaratoga
and i still had alot of money extra so i bought a watch nd a lexus...
Neighbour pressure washing his car fkn early......you drive a lexus calm down
How I went from a 2011 Lexus to this, God only knows. http://instagr.am/p/MGwzPsCqhW/ 
y when people see me driving the lexus they think im spoiled !  nigga its a 2002 if i was spoiled i would be pushing the 2012 model.
Truth in advertising bill in Utah: How angry would you be   You walk into a dealership with Lexus signage and th... http://bit.ly/OhLQHx 
The fact we rolled up in a Lexus to the hotel and they opened up our doors... Golden moment, going down in the books
I would not want a lamborghini. Just get me a Lexus or something. lol
Just seen a posh woman pull up in a smart lexus, then grab her union jack anorac out the back. Haaha
@gIme a bj how can you say a Lexus or a BMW then stoop so down to a Charger 
