I really do love Led Zeppelin...
Ive found that my favorite jelly is really like my favorite Led Zeppelin song. It's ever changing.
#IveAlways been a fan of Led Zeppelin
Amor infinito a Led Zeppelin.
@NME Led Zeppelin. Can't get on with Plant's voice  ducksforcover 
Led Zeppelin is always a good choice to listen to.
Fuckin love led zeppelin #greatartist
Led Zeppelin's self titled second album: 6.9/10.
If you don't like led zeppelin, we can't be friends
When Led Zeppelin plays you shut the fuck up.
If you don't like led zeppelin then your #CRAY
Hoy escuche a Led Zeppelin en la radio. Nada normal. Stairway to heaven.
Listened to Led Zeppelin. #somethingfierce
Goddamn, you can't fuck with Led Zeppelin's amazingness.
@mel bucks Never really got into Led Zeppelin. Mind you, I've never really listened to them aside from Stairway To Heaven.
What I would do to be able to have seen Led Zeppelin live
Who doesn't like Led Zeppelin  Anyone not cool, that's who. Their debut album is one the best ever. I listen to it all the time.
Led Zeppelin because I wanna
nothin wrong when led zeppelin os on the radio
Confession: I sometimes listen to Led Zeppelin, and like it. Am I walking in the flesh 
The #KatyPerryMovie better answer the big question: If Led Zeppelin were really that good, how come they weren t ridiculously good looking 
Led Zeppelin laser light show! Sickest thing ever!
It's unhealthy how much I love Led Zeppelin.
So, Aj and I have discovered that Led Zeppelin is all around the best band of all time. Each of their members were beyond talented.
I love led Zeppelin #qualitymusic #rockandrollforlife
I have no words to describe how much I love Led Zeppelin go on switch on BBC4 and you'll understand
Led zeppelin on the radio makes my day a lot happier
Why the hell people compare Led Zeppelin with anyone...
My cat loves led zeppelin, he's amazing
Fuck chris brown and trey songz, real baby making music is led zeppelin.
I would give anything in this world to be able to go to a Led Zeppelin concert rip Jim Page
I'm a Fan of Led Zeppelin on @GetGlue http://bit.ly/rATjnz 
@RobGutmann What about Led Zeppelin 
Call me crazy but LED ZEPPELIN I is still one of the punkest things I've ever heard.
Led Zeppelin all of my love :3
Led Zeppelin is sucha great band
My best friends  parents were surprised that I know Led Zeppelin. What the fuckk. XD
When I listen to Led Zeppelin, all other music pretty much sounds like garbage.
It makes me sad that I never got to see led zeppelin..
Sometimes I wish I was a Futurama character soo I can own Led Zeppelin's heads in a Jar :3 #BothHeads
RT this if you're lovin' some Led Zeppelin! #WholeLottaZepLove
What!!!!!  RT @selena omg 1234: This is so coool.(: I'm watching led zeppelin on tv and it is so awsome. (:
If you're a fan of Led Zeppelin, you're a friend of mine!
When Led Zeppelin is playing, you shut the fuck up.
I met a guy, 2 actually, who claimed that Stairway to heaven was not written by Led Zeppelin. I lost all musical respect for them that day
Led Zeppelin were such a hard working band, from the start. Let's get these guys playing... #pageandplantreunion
I would do terrible things to be able to go to a Led Zeppelin concert
