@infatuationism yes i feel like britney is the complete opposite of xtina in every single way, i'm here for REAL music by REAL artist
Britney and Michael Jackson #thewayyoumakeyoufeel bitch killed it.
Hard to believe that Britney Spears has always been a bigger star than Christina Aguilera, yet Christina has always had the better voice.
Ill just stick to Britney,Christina Aguilera and Kimora,the rest of the celebrities,well... ... ...all the best though!
Rihanna, Justin, 1D, Britney and Madonna are the artists I'm seeing in the trend, saying they saved pop music. I'm only accepting Jessie J.
The pop diva finds a way to outshine Justin Bieber, Britney Spears, and even President Obama.
Me ha gustado un v deo de @YouTube. http://youtu.be/Cam4Cgmg8Dg a  LMFAO, BlackEyed Peas, Britney Spears, Kesha, Katy P
@LSestak91 but backstreet boys, nsync, Britney, Christina, Jessie McCartney. Want me to keep going 
I want Gaga to collaborate with Beyonc  again, with Miss Britney Spears and with Kanye West. Those 3 duets would make my life complete.
'If I could form a dream pop girl band with me in it, it would have to have Beyonce, Katy Perry, Britney   Rihanna in it!     Demi Lovato.
Madonna Is The Only Queen Of Pop, except Rhianna, Katy, Gaga, Christina, Beyonce, Britney, Glee Girls, Jessie J, Pink, Nicki, and my gran.
Nobody even knew who Madonna was until Britney kissed her.
@ officiallyh  but i prefer GAGA as a princess !even if i love Britney very much
Britney has more #1 albums after her breakdown than Gaga does in all. Please try again.
I think LittleMons, are saying 'Queens' to Britney Gaga, because Madonna says so in Express Yourself  
Britney used to be the best performer. Now it's Gaga   Beyonce.
Michael Madonna and Britney Best Performers  D of course it's the Pop Royalty One and Only Bitches!
My Top 3 #lastfm Artists: Britney Spears (119), Madonna (41)   Xuxa (20) #Music http://bit.ly/vHAJXR 
Gaga or Britney. RT for Britney, Favorite for Gaga.
Why is Nicki worried about Lauren Hill. She needs to be paying homage to Britney Spears and Bozo the Clown.
Britney Spears vs. Lady Gaga vs. Miley Cyrus   Beautiful, Tamed LoveGame (Mashup) http://www.youtube.com/watch v W5F fckGOpE feature relmfu  
Read my response to   This or that celebrity spam: Britney Spears or Shakira  (CelebritySpamXo) 1  : http://4ms.me/Kfb3MK 
Gwen brought dubstep into pop first in 2007, before Britney tbh. Sorry to say.
@channelv Black Eyed Peas   Britney Spears
Xtina   Britney Are Better Than Gaga. NEVER BE REPLACED.
@BRJericho7 if Miley Cyrus was more famous I'd say She'll be the next Britney spears
demis dream pop girlband   Rihanna, Beyonce Katy Perry, Britney Spears and herself... it would be amazing :D
Britney Spears vs Lady Gaga  Infographic  http://infographicjournal.com/britney spears vs lady gaga/  
