My graduation gift is a Camaro or a BMW. HOLYSHIZ.
  @GeorgeHarrisESM: RT @tonya bryant: I am in NEED of a Platinum BMW......and I'm gonna get one...Platinum is the new RED!  
My brother got a BMW..
If I get a job and actually keep it, my dad will buy me a brand new BMW convertible.. someone hire me!!!!!!!!!!!! lmao
@sarahhjaneeee 21 years old. Manager, BMW, suits   a Rolex.. Who wouldn't be  :P
In future I will marry someone who propose t me w a BMW and tell me   that's for you, Be My Wife  
I need to step my game up. I need that BMW 3 series.
@BrisSETt GO It wasnt even that good though, it was  white people  food, If you know what I mean, id love to be shopping for a BMW
Time to start looking for a car for my lil sis!! She wants a bmw or benz.. she fancy just like her big sis! Whoop luv my sissy poo...
Imma have that BMW rolling
By the age of 30 I will have built my three floor house   own 2 vechiles including a bmw....
I do agree that money can't buy happiness, But somehow, it's more comfortable to sit   cry in a BMW than on a bicycle!
if u got BMW 40 year old and still live in your mom house dig a hole and lay in it
Fuck love give me a million and a BMW and I'm straight.
The Fat Man In The Red BMW Convertible. No no no, don't want to be you.
   @mamman4: I do agree that money can't buy happiness, But somehow, it's more comfortable to sit   cry in a BMW than on a bicycle!  Truedat
@stephrobnjayvz it would be selling ViSalus on my team :) we do meet   greets plus you can work your way up to getting a BMW! :))
I wonder if my dad notices im never listing  Lol i heard him talking abt a bmw he wanted now hes talking abt eroupe   Aha
@BrittFulThinkin that's how I felt when I wasn't whippin the BMW 745
NO! I Don't Need You To Buy A BMW for Me! My Financial Planner can Handle The Small Stuff! @ http://bit.ly/NaCbRk  #IBOtoolbox
@BigSchmidtDog turns out you did see him. He   Ed rode the 3rd day route for GABRAKY 2012   the BMW was their SAG vehicle.
@farizkhadri @afiqah1998 Sure... Sure... My parents owns a Bentley and 2 BMW 7 series. haha.  )
I need bmw m5
TIA RT @sandtontimes: Another   classy   BMW driver  gets out at the traffic light to urinate next to his car on ... http://m.tmi.me/r72ej 
There's a nice BMW in front of my window.... I think I'm gonna steal it.
@LaVintageTribe @Every1LuvsQueet see u at the top!!!! Get that BMW  ) my Uncle an aunt almost svp 's.my uncle said he 7coustumers away
The BMW might be sold :'(.
Have a seat RT @JohnnieBread: My nigga I was cleaning toilets last summer makin min wage. Now I'm lookin at which BMW I'm tryna get damn
   @TWEETARRAZZI: @odunugal: Money can't buy you happiness   its better to cry in a BMW than on a Bicycle
i want a bmw 750 li. but i already know thats not gonna happen till i get a job lol
My neighbors even have a bmw motorcycle
  Jessica owns a BMW 320i, Yoona owns a Scirocco R Line from Volkswagen and now Taeyeon owns a Mercedes Benz AMG.   ......
@Lick Tha Tip That's also the most basic ass BMW.
I love @BMW SA ......... One day when I'm Rich and Famous I want them to sponsor me a car (wink)
White cars are nice. Mine is white too. Gosh, when will I own a white BMW 5 series.
I can't wait to cruise around in a gorgeous bmw or range rover when I'm older
I'll drive a BMW or Mercedes in the future car! #MarkMyTweet
(audi) RT @PATisDOPE: I think I want a BMW or that car with the rings on the trunk lol
I have a new BMW, so all my friends want me to drive on road trips. #firstworldpains
Yes, @MichaelDrisco12 you are the greatest guy a girl could ask for. #bestfriends   I can't forget about are BMW's   future marriage ( 
Buy me a BMW so I know it's real
Looking at the school parking lot pisses me off so much. Why did your parents buy you a bmw or lexus..  #spoiledbitches
Money cant buy happiness.. but somehow, its more comfortable to cry in a BMW than on a bicycle.
@Torranceisbest but they got a bmw tho so they're winning
#10ThingsIMustDoBeforeIDie buy my mommie a white BMW (:
My mom BMW got freaking crack by this truck driver screw you man #Pissed
Definitely going to get an audi or a bmw, that gizmo that means you can see through 20ft of motorway spray at 80 is fabulous! .....
I wish my dad would buy me a white BMW for my first car #realhousewives
you have four tail pipes on your BMW  wow, you must be such a badass.
Two guys were arrested from their car   BMW plate # 126722     the car is still near #Abusaiba cemetery. #SelfDetermination
Still tryna get this red BMW but the owner is takin forever to email me back...
In my BMW, parked, rolling Cali greenery, blasting   Outkast   Aquemini   #TheLife :)
Plus, I want a BMW.
Give it to me !! RT @ComplexMag: High School Student Wins BMW, Is too Young to Drive it Home http://cmplx.it/KoPgAh 
copped the BMW today. collecting monday. need to go get drunk with all the money i no longer have. swag
@CandySwifty hahaha yes so true! I hope I can get a BMW when I can drive! :)
@NishiaUniquely what u said, i  ll be getting up at that time an doing it again. #BMW I WANT IT
@BenBoswell1 same so im looking for a bmw on craigslist
Everyday I go past the BMW Benham garage, I fall in love. I will own one of those bbys one day   p
If Dey Send Ne to Atl to Dat BMW place ... Mite As well Take dat Offer ! Dats Gone be Some Good     !
I shoulda bought a car      shiiiiit maybe I'll just wait till I get that BMW next year..
don't touch my BMW bitch.dub fucking step! http://vk.cc/MdFcC 
@Aimipassbowen Is that what your telling people   you've got a BMW. Yea right
while theres girls that want bmw's and all those expensive ass cars all i want is a chevy malibu lmaooo im not an expensive girl
@graceyylouu Buy me house i picked out, bentley continental, mercedes benz cls63 AMG, BMW m5, iMac, 2 pugs
I want a BMW   Range Rover!
@FLA YungChico word    That's what's up bro I'm fucking proud dog..I respect the grind..BMW   How that's treating you  When she due 
I do agree that money can't buy happiness, But somehow, it's more comfortable to sit   cry in a BMW than on a bicycle!
