@Vince Clyde well i rode my motorbike to college without a license and it got taken so then you dropped me home in your orange porsche :D
Hmm me   Porsche considering ritz tonight
My dads all like did u c that car its a Porsche Panamera! Me: yea I've been IN one dad lol
I Would Buy The New 4 Door Porsche Panorama Ina Morning, But Da Way My Bank Account Set Up.....I Ain't Gone Be Able To Do It
First Thing On My Bucket List: Buy a porsche and drive unsafely down the german autobahns
1) Step out of Porsche. 2) Look around, notice no one saw 3) Step back in, drive around the block. 4) Repeat for hours.   Shit Head Life
So i heard the   yeezy   dropping Saturday and people playing  1000 for them.Im thinking about robbin everybody in line and getting my Porsche
#IveAlwaysWantedTo drive a porsche.
Pop in to see us in Neptune Business Park off Tewkesbury Rd to learn about the amazing things we can do to your #Porsche
All I want is a black Porsche #dreamcar
yu got up lookin for it   @NishaGS Had a dream my mom got a Porsche
Shooting a music video in the Malibu Canyons today. I get to drive a Porsche all day #work
What's the difference between a Porsche and a pile of Dead Bodies..... I don't have a Porsche in my garage  )
I want more money. I will own that Porsche I'll have that yacht. My bitch will have fake titsan tattoos. I will be rich. #RollsRoyce
Porsche dreaming bro that's all it is
Watching Sixteen Candles. Now all I need is a hottie to show up at my house tomorrow in a Porsche w/Sprinkles cupcakes.
I like flying lizard porsche, I like anyone that shares my number in racing
QT @SouljahBooks: PORSCHE has her own story, her own fire, her own thunder, her own lighting.  can't w (cont) http://tl.gd/hteida 
@J Pischke I saw the most beautiful Porsche a few weeks ago, and this red GTI keeps evading me. Eventually we'll all cross paths.  . 
My older brother just woke up and told me he bought a Porsche in his dream...and then went back to bed #okiseeyou
Live that fast life, come through in the Porsche slow like WHOA!
http://pinterest.com/pin/196962183673825503/   My dream car! Love the Convertible   Porsche heritage! Beautiful design, performance, ride with reasonable price!
