  We're trying to be subtle, so you go and /steal/ a Porsche!     I didn't /steal/ it, I bought it. With stolen money.  
My dad brought the wrong color Porsche. #firstworldpains
When my dad says he's supprised how cheap porsche is, well where is mine  
This kid is bragging because his daddy drives a Porsche and he so rich... Blah blah blah Porsches are not even expensive and they're ugly ha
I feel really dumb, spelled Porsche wrong @KyleD 55
I'm so proud of my sitters, brielle Anyae and Porsche ! Goodjob lil niggasssss :)
I call my Porsche the Baby Elphant
@donald faison Did she scratch up your Porsche  I hear @zachbraff had that problem once.
The fact that the inside of my dad's Porsche smells faintly like cigarettes is a shame, ruining a nice car to a nasty habit.
#GirlsLoveItWhen the boyfriend buy girl a Porsche   she's not allowed 2 drive it. hell she can't even sit in the front seat   play the radio
Niggas know i call my Porsche the baby elephant #2chainz
I call my Porsche the baby elephant
Thinking. Of trading my Benz for a porsche i don't need this big ass car lol
For my next trick, I'll need a pound of uncut cocaine, a million dollars in small, unmarked bills, a Porsche 911, and Kate Beckinsale.
@Blaq   hell yeah.. hell yeah.. and I don't even be liking the Porsche design really.. but that bad boy.. whoo!
Horse power told the Porsche giddy up..
Miss Fall Festival is here judging. She probably couldn't tell the difference between a porsche and a van #stupidblonde
just went for a cruise in the porsche, my dad's the cat's meow.
Blonde Jokes: What's the difference between a blonde and a Porsche You don't lend the Porsche out to your friend. #BeingMrVijayS
What you think I rap for  To push a fucking RAV 4  @kanyewest @Zmoney813 @TheIlluminatti @Porsche @MercedesBenzUK @lamborghini
Porsche   3 guys   2 sets of clubs   @tydunlap93 in back seat. #spacious pic.twitter.com/iid7oMcA
Till I can afford a Porsche or a Ferrari, my cannondale bike is my man toy.
Or maybe u be chillin, then u turn up when the top down  I'm pretty sure the absence of Porsche top and lvl of cool are directly correlated.
Niggas no I call my porsche a baby elephant .
What a busy week on twitter, had a fake divorce, an imaginary g.f and crashed a pretend Porsche, its been fucking hectic
Omg, my dad is thinking about buying a porsche :o #wtf
@molliekate daddy forgot to buy us a new Porsche this month    ugh
@AndySamuels31 Almost as sexy as the Porsche Boxster S Black Edition. Almost.  )
I told him: I m going to treat you like a King. So I bought myself a Porsche and I went out whoring
damn he called his wife a 74 buick and his mistress a brand new porsche
Brought to you by the people, like your minister's Porsche.
That s really created a cult around Porsche
@Mr1389 I play with her mind ..she masturbate with my porsche. Its simple love , simple math . Her chest nice , not a wrinkle on her ass.
@kidsarecruel hey, chilly mornings always remind me of porsche!
