Bank of America done pissed me off this morning ..
Damn is there not a Bank of America ATM in the whole state of Minnesota 
Bank of America just blew my entire life!!! I'm going to sleep
Bank of America will be hearing my mouth early in the morning
at what point do they/we give bank of america the sean payton treatment  every week there's reports of them doing something shitty.
Oh Bank of America...you don't know who you're messing with.
Now i have to go through bank of america drama YET AGAIN
. @BofA News Small biz owner hubby tried to fax doc for Bank of America  Local branch can't do it   he's getting charged for it!! #fail
But I'm still mad bank of America sen me this booty Ass debit card
And while I'm at it....f ck Bank of America.
This Bank of America application is taking foreverrrrrrrr
Bank of america done pissed me off today.
I call Bank of America they tell me to call VISA, I call VISA they tell me to call Bank of America! PLEASE SHOOT ME!
I make a deposit at bank of america with Alice everyday and she has yet to learn my name
Bank of America: I could not understand the rep, she was having trouble with speaking in English which left me uncl   http://bit.ly/juYf5w 
@iMA SHOPAHOLiC bank of America
Bank Of America Has Something To Do With This Muscle Car's Disappearance http://jalo.ps/AxeY 
@ KILLJordan shit, is it a bank of America check  cause if its not they gonna charge me to cash it. :/
Second time today bank of America has frozen one of my accounts with them. Lol. Stop flagging me #Bitches!
Bank of America,,,All I want is to lower my payment,that's all I am asking.
Man is not a definition for bank of America or American express just like they charge u interest well we give we charge interests #ass
Now welcome to the hate of BofA RT @EvilGeniusJey Just made the switch to Bank Of America. I fucking HATE TD Bank b
Bank of America is messing with my money right now. LMAO!!! I can't with these people.
In bank of America bout to slap the shit outta this man
What a big line in Bank Of America #crazy
Bank of America: I visited a BOA branch today to obtain a temporary debit card. While I was with the BOA rep, I dec   http://bit.ly/juYf5w 
At bank of America and the lady called my name and look at the white ppl smh not cool didn't think I would be black huh
Wtf! The Bank Of America is packed. I guess People need them moneys to buy fireworks hehe
Because of Bank of America FUCKING UP YET AGAIN, my DirecTV payment got rejected. DIRECTV!!!! I mean, of all days for this to happen  
@shaee xoxoo I have a lot to complain with bank of america but I will take what u said in consideration :)
Only in Bank of America where you have money you can't get out of your account.
Either bank of America got their hands in my account or someone else did, boa better be ready for my crazy  dials 
Bank of America on a Saturday is stoopid packed
They Suck RT @iKillBarbiess: Bank of America is fuckin me already w/ no lube  amp  I ain t got my check yet . The fuck  
Bank of America   screwing costumers over   one person at a time.
These Bank of America tellers are slow as hell
Bank of America experience in opening a new account: fail. You're up Chuck. Show me what you can do. @BofA Help @SchwabService
@plentyerbs  Yeah bank of america
