Madonna is a teenage skank trapped in a grandma body...
WHAT   Did madonna did the BTW choreo   Reductive Bitch
@ToniKinsella @3wathi @swiftliketay @twittarmiley HAHAHA. It's not a link she was just saying that she doesn't want madonna to come in Dubai
My new young chick look exactly like Rihanna. Ass like Nicki, but she yellow like Madonna.
Madonna is way past her time and needs to stop but I will always love kylie
 My new young chick look exactly like Rihanna, Ass like Nicki, but she yellow like Madonna 
RT  @edicsonhades: Madonna is so shady http://24.media.tumblr.com/tumblr m4yij01UT11r4it95o1 1280.jpg      Dead!
#MyFavoriteMadonnaSongs I hate Madonna
Does madonna just live to shade  Shouldn't you be focusing on not flopping.
although I gotta say.. its pretty petty of madonna..
Nice young chick look excatly like rihanna ass like nicki but she yellow like madonna
High dude:  Its all about heavy metal!! fuck Madonna!!   lmfao
Ass like nicki, but she yellow like Madonna.
@AintShit  das ugly! madonna look like a fuckin ghost
My new young chick look exactly like riahanna , ass like nicki but she yellow like madonna #a1everything
My new young chick look exactly like rihanna ..asz Like Nicki , buh she Yellow like Madonna ...
Madonna, please quit calling yourself a 'bad girl', you're creeping me out.
Lost so much respect for madonna
I really don't like Madonna, she comes off and really arrogant and unappreciative towards whatever fans she has left!
Madonna danced in occupied #Palestine  2night in #UAE,while #Syria children r being slayed! Celebrities with no morality! #UK #US #tcot #p2
All these pop trends. WHY WE NOT GOT TRENDS UP THERE ! Get some rock legends trending. Cheryl and Madonna can lick my arse!
My new young chick look exactly like Rihanna. Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna .
@rockonmommies LOL! Madonna has one as well!
My new young chick look exactly like Rihanna, Ass like Nicki, But she yellow like Madonna  Meek
well said .., he can take madonna   Kylie with him too   @sasastro: about time Paul McCartney retired 
So is Will I Am British now  Like Madonna 
Deep throating a glass bottle so I can feel like Madonna. You 
@TinaDennison1 WHO The Fuck Do You Think You Are MADONNA    http://vimeo.com/43431762 
  Don't confuse fame with success. Madonna is one  Helen Keller is the other.   Erma Bombeck
My new young chick look exactly like Rihanna, Ass like Nicki but she yellow like Madonna
